So let's start building custom actions,
and for that I'm going to start with Composite Actions,
since that's the easiest kind of action to get started with.
But before we do that,
please note that attached to find the starting project
for this course section, it is a simple react app
as we had it multiple times throughout this course,
and it comes with a workflow file
in the .github/workflows folder,
but in that file right now, no new features are being used.
Instead, this might look familiar
from other course sections.
Now what I'm going to do here, of course
is I'm going to initialize this repository
and create my initial commit
as I did it in all the other course sections as well,
and with that done, I'm going to create a new repository,
named like this, for example.
It could be public or private. That does not matter.
Here, I'll choose private
and I'll create that repository
and link it to my local Git repository
as I always did it throughout this course.
After this was linked, I'll push
and establish this connection
between my local and the remote main branches,
and with that, this was pushed,
and since it includes a workflow,
that workflow should also get triggered
and it should also finish successfully,
but of course it won't use any actions yet.
Instead, that's what we're going to get started
with in the next lecture now.
We're going to get started
with building custom actions there,
and we're going to start
by building a custom composite action.